Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy of XY N.V. (owner and operator of Cyebe.) This Privacy Policy sets out how Cyebe.com will manage your personal information which we collect as a result of your membership of Cyebe, your use of our websites located at https://cyebe.com/ and any pages or websites under the 'Cyebe' brand including any mobile phone or tablet applications that are owned and/or operated by us or whenever we otherwise deal with you. We are committed to ensuring that the personal information we collect about you is protected and is used, stored and disclosed in accordance with the Privacy Act and this Privacy Policy.

1. Website Use
In using the website, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. Cyebe.com may review the Privacy Policy periodically and reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy at any time at its discretion by posting such changes on the website. Changes will be effective immediately when posted on the website. Your continued use of the website following posting will constitute your acceptance of those changes. This Privacy Policy will not apply to websites which are linked to the website and over which Cyebe.com has no control.

2. Personal Information
The kinds of Personal Information that Cyebe.com may process about you is:

Name

Email Address

Personally Submitted Preferences

Date of Birth

Country of Citizenship

Physical Address

Identification Number

Government Issued Identification

Location Data

Device Information

IP Address

Data related to the use of our Services and products as deposits, withdraws, wagers, VIP status, Affiliate ID, among others

Data related to the enforcement of our Terms of Service and Policies. For further details, please refer to the relevant documents, which can be accessed here:

Terms of Service

AML Policy

The Company collects, or may collect, such information through methods including:

Data input during account registration processes

Communications with Customers

Data provided or created when you use our Services and products

From third-party data providers, in accordance with the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy, in our Terms of Service, or in our policies

3. Data Processing Purposes
Cyebe.com will process your Personal Information only by lawful and fair means and not in an intrusive way to operate its business as a licensed online wagering bookmaker for the following purposes:

For know-your-customer (KYC) identity verification.

If you wish to subscribe to Cyebe.com's marketing communications.

To process your application to become a Member of Cyebe.com or any managed subdomains.

To provide and improve services to you as a Member.

To identify you as a Member and authenticate your identity for security purposes and to comply with our legal obligations.

To maintain your Member account.

To upgrade and enhance your experience within the website or over the telephone, or to tailor or develop information, services or products to suit your needs which may include market research and conducting promotions.

To tell you about our products or services that we think may be of interest to you by communicating with you via email, SMS or telephone.

To create aggregate data about Members through demographic profiling, statistical analysis of the database to provide to potential and existing stakeholders, and to allow for more efficient operation of Cyebe.com’s business.

To respond to your questions, comments, or requests.

To determine Members' liability to pay goods and services tax and other taxes where applicable.

To comply with Cyebe.com’s contractual, legal, and statutory obligations.

For taking appropriate action if Cyebe.com has reason to suspect that unlawful activity or misconduct of a serious nature has been, is being or may be engaged in that relates to our functions and activities.

To establish, exercise or defend any legal claims.

To enforce our Terms of Service and Policies.

To provide you with benefits related to our VIP program, as well as other campaigns and benefits offered by Cyebe.com or any managed subdomains.

To manage job applications.

If you do not provide Cyebe.com with the Personal Information we request, we may be unable to process your application to become a Member, provide you with our services or respond to your enquiry or complaint.

By using Cyebe.com, becoming a Member or otherwise choosing to provide Cyebe.com with Personal Information you acknowledge that Cyebe.com may collect, use, process and potentially disclose your Personal Information for the above purposes and on the bases described in this Privacy Policy.

4. Direct Marketing and Opting Out
From time to time we may use your Personal Information to inform you about our products or services or about promotional activities which Cyebe.com believes may be of interest or of benefit to you. We may do this via email, SMS, telephone or mail. If you no longer wish to receive marketing or promotional material from Cyebe.com at all or in any particular form, you may contact us at any time by email to support@cyebe.com  with your request with which we will comply as soon as is practical.

From time to time we may contact you in relation to the management and administration of your Cyebe.com account. These communications can be via any of the modes of contact recorded when registering as a Member. Such communication does not affect your opt-in or opt-out status for direct marketing communications.

5. Management and Sharing of your Personal Information
Cyebe.com will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Information which it collects, uses or discloses is correct and is stored in a secure environment which is accessed only by authorised persons. We store the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfil the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defences, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.

Cyebe.com can share or disclose Personal Information in order to provide our Services, enforce our Terms of Service and policies, protect or defend our rights and interests, particularly in the following cases:

Within our Group: Any reference to the "Group" in this Privacy Policy includes XY N.V. (the owner and operator of Cyebe.) as well as our websites located at https://cyebe.com and any pages or websites under the "Cyebe" brand, including any mobile phone or tablet applications owned and/or operated by us or whenever we otherwise interact with you.

To our service providers and third-party partners: In some cases, we may use third party service providers to provide you with our Services or products. In this case, we may need to share or disclose Personal Information. In each case, Cyebe.com will take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Information is protected and processed as set out in this Policy. Whenever possible, we will choose to contract with a data processor to handle your Personal Information.

For legal or regulatory reasons: In certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities.

In the event of a business sale or restructuring: If the ownership of all or part of our business changes or if we undergo a reorganization or restructuring, we may transfer your Personal Information to the new owner or successor company so that we can continue to provide the Services requested.

Whenever we share Personal Information and whatever the circumstances, we will always do so lawfully and with due regard to your privacy. Cyebe.com will destroy or permanently de-identify the Personal Information we hold when it is no longer required for any purpose permitted under this Privacy Policy or our legal or operational obligations.

Cyebe.com will destroy or permanently de-identify the Personal Information we hold when it is no longer required for any purpose permitted under our legal or operational obligations.

6. Security of Personal Information
You acknowledge that no data transmission over the Internet is totally secure. Accordingly, Cyebe.com does not guarantee or warrant the security of any information which you transmit to it. Any information which you transmit to Cyebe.com is transmitted at your own risk. However, once Cyebe.com receives your transmission, Cyebe.com will take reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information from misuse, loss and unauthorized access, modification and disclosure including by using password protected systems and databases and Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you must be aware that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services.

Cyebe.com’s employees, agents and contractors are required to maintain the confidentiality of Members' Personal Information and trading behavior. Information posted on bulletin boards or communicated within a social media environment (for example, Facebook, Twitter, Chat Rooms) becomes public information. Cyebe.com cannot guarantee the security of this type of disclosed information.

We take seriously the responsibility to exclude children from access to our services. We will not accept their information for the purposes of opening a wagering account. It is however, ultimately the responsibility of parents or guardians to monitor their children’s Internet activities including where appropriate by using Internet screening software.

Remember to always log out of your account when you have completed your time on the website. This is particularly important if you share a computer with another person. You are responsible for the security of and access to your own computer, mobile device or any other handset used to access the website.

Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your username, password and any account information. Please be careful whenever using the Internet and our website.

7. Access to Personal Information
You may access the Personal Information collected by Cyebe.com by following the “Settings” link on the website or by contacting us on support@cyebe.com . We will give you access to your Personal Information in the manner requested if that is possible and within a reasonable period. If we refuse your request or cannot give you access in the manner you have requested, we will do what we can to meet your requirements by other means. We may not be required to give you access to your Personal Information in certain circumstances which are set out in the APPs including where it may have an unreasonable impact on another individual's privacy. If we refuse access for such reasons, we will advise you in writing of the refusal and our reasons and the complaint mechanisms available to you.

8. Delete Personal Data
You can request to have your personal data deleted if Cyebe.com no longer have a legal reason to continue to process or store it. Please note that this right is not guaranteed - in the sense that Cyebe.com do not have the ability to comply with your request if it is subject to a legal obligation to store your data. You can request the deletion of your personal data by sending an email to support@cyebe.com .

9. Contact Details
If you have any queries, requests for access or correction or complaints relating to the handling of your personal information, please contact us by email at support@cyebe.com  or by the site customer support chat function.

10. International Data Transfers
All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws.

11. Legal Basis for Processing
For purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation, Cyebe.com’s processing of your personal information is supported by the following lawful bases:

Performance of a Contract: Cyebe.com needs to process your personal information to perform our contract with you or our Customer.

Legitimate Interest: Cyebe.com processes your personal information to further our legitimate interests but only where our interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.

Consent: In some cases, Cyebe.com also relies on your consent to process your personal information.

Compliance with Legal Obligations: Cyebe.com may process your personal information to comply with our legal obligations.

12. Supervisor Authority
If you are located in the European Economic Area, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.

13. Updates to this Privacy Policy
As noted, Cyebe.com may review, change and update this Privacy Policy from time to time reflect our current practices and obligations. We will publish our current Privacy Policy on our website at https://cyebe.com/ and the changes will take effect at the time of publishing. You should review this privacy policy regularly and remain familiar with its terms.